The Joe Rogan experience. So, uh,
I looked at your Instagram yesterday and you had that video of Steven,
a Smith and immediately I was like, oh my goodness,
this explains so much, play this, play, play this, Jamie, watch this,
watch this. First of all, someone needs to explain to me what's happening here.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well, it looks like a Dick punch in the left.
I don't even think it's a Dick, unless that guy's got a two foot Dick.
Look how low he's punching.
No idea.
Man. This guy should not be allowed to talk about fighting.
Yeah, look, um, just, I'm gonna cut him a little bit of slack only. I,
I seriously, I, we had this,
here's the thing with Strikeforce we had kind of a similar situation,
not like this though, by the way, with Gus Johnson. I remember with Gus. Yes.
Was trying to talk to him and I love Gus when he's talking basketball. Yeah.
I think he's got the energy and the voice that makes people like, oh wow.
They're gripped to the TV. This I can understand with Steven a,
but this is nice,
but you want a release after you just called someone who's a pioneer in the
sport. You basically call him a McCoy. Quit. You.
Call a guy a quitter. First of all, he had a broken orbital bone. Okay.
You're saying he, he was a quitter. He got his face smashed. Yeah. Okay.
He got cracked by one of the biggest punchers in the sport. Yeah. He, uh,
he has the most wins in the sport. He has the most wins by finish.
He has the most bonuses. I mean, come on. Yeah. He has the most fights. Come on.
You, you can calling that guy. Quitter. He got cracked. That's what happens.
Look fighting is the only sport that you could end it early. Right?
You can't end a football game in 40 seconds. Imagine, imagine if you just,
your front line was so strong, your quarterback was so badass.
You could storm a football game in 40 seconds. There'd be a different sport.
Right? My concern with though, was that like, look, he's fine.
He just did the video. I get it. Like,
it's good that you're trying to learn this sport, but I gotta tell you,
like DC sent me this video and he basically commented on it. And I said, I said,
D D's trying to protect the DC's trying to protect him. I said,
you cannot protect this guy. Not from this. No,
you can't call someone like cowboy surrounding or any other. I'm sorry.
Their top guy in any organization. I don't care if it's U FFC bell or one.
Any of themem all the, all these organ, you cannot do that to these guys.
These guys lay it on the line every time we're not slapping a puck or hitting a
baseball case. Yes. We're really out there getting hurt. Yes.
And when someone calls you acquitter like that, you better be kill.
I'm not saying he should be careful, like watch his back,
but don't expect these fighters to be very is to you next time you walk in the
hall.
And that's the issue that I think we come across here with top fighters are very
offensive when they get offended. When things like this.
Rightly so. Yeah. It's a different thing. There's the,
the emotional cost of losing a fight is so much different
than losing a game. It's not the same.
And there's a culture in sport broadcasting,
whether it's radio or television, this just diminishing of people.
There's this talking that goes with sports. You know, he always falls apart.
That guy, that needs to give his money back. He sucks this and that.
And the other guy's like, oh, I can't believe you're saying that.
And you could do that in sports radio. Yeah. And people love it.
Cause if you're on the job site and you're listening to the radio and you know,
your hammering nails, you're like, right. He does suck.
And there's a mentality that goes along with that kind of sports radio sports
guy talk, I hate that. I've resisted that from the beginning.
And I've I've on those guys. Yeah. From the beginning,
because it's not the same thing.
You're not talking about the same thing you're talking about fighting.
You're talking about unbelievable physical consequences,
including knock on wood in our sports. Very rare but death.
Yeah, no, it's true. But the other thing though, too,
is that you're criticizing someone for being a quitter and someone who's been
been there in level of the game, every level, but not only that,
but then you look like you've never played basketball or baseball or any other
sport in your life. Either hit, admits like that. I'm sorry.
You cannot criticize people. And to be able to talk show,
like you're saying those talk show radios,
that's the energy you need to bring when you're going against someone like max
Kellerman or any of the other,
or skip Bayles and those guys go ahead and have that conversation with them.
But you cannot can't look like that. <laugh> at that top.
I'm sorry, man. That.
Culture, the culture of the sport look, max Kellman is a different animal.
Max Kellman is in incredibly knowledgeable mm-hmm <affirmative> when it comes to
sports and, and really so when it comes to boxing, he's not a talker.
He's just more honest about it. Yeah. That's true.
But there's a lot of currency in being a Stephen, a Smith. Yeah. You know,
he's really entertaining that that talking that he does, he's a, he's, you know,
he's a, he's a guy that's fun to watch. He talks a lot of.
He gets real loud and everybody disagrees with him and look,
it's made him a fantastic career. That's why, and he carries that over to MMA.
I think it's a bad idea. Is.
It a stick though? That's my thought process. Like,
you know how cha has hisick like he, and like the camera turns off.
Colby has hisick. Yes. And when the camera turns off, they're not that person.
Right. Is he that person in real life?
I think it blends in, you know.
Is he, he just now inherited that person. So that's who he is now in real life.
Andrew Clay.
Andrew dice, clay. His real name is Andrew Silverstein.
And the dice man was a charact that he used to do in his act dice.
Clay is like one of the best impressionists ever. Yeah. And he does like,
he does John Travolta and all these different people and it's amazing.
And in his act he would do all these impressions and he would do this guy,
the dice man.
And he would do these rhymes and he put this jacket on and everybody loved that
so much. He just became the dice man.
And then after a few years he was just diceman 24 7 <laugh> he's
wearing these leather jackets everywhere. Everywhere. He goes,
he's got weightlifting gloves on every time you meet him,
he's got weightlifting gloves. He became this guy. Right.
And it's a thing that happens to people sometimes where people love one thing.
Yeah. You lean into your fans. And I think Steven AIT,
I don't know him as a human being.
I've only met him a couple times is a nice guy. Nice guy to me.
We had a nice conversation on air.
We had a little weirdness cuz he was just saying,
we didn't learn anything about Connor. I'm like the you didn't. Yeah.
He just destroyed cowboy in 40 seconds. Yeah.
Like you learn something you learn.
He could perform under the bright lights in a giant paper view.
After more than a year and a half outta the game. Yeah. You learn something.
You just don't know what you saw.
Yeah. I, I agree with you a hundred percent that you, he did learn something.
Yeah. I mean like I learned something from him, like somebody who taken that,
that amount of time off and I'm gonna say this, um, to be Frank, obviously I,
I work for Bellator and I do a lot of work for them. But the thing is you,
you can't have to give credit where credit is due.
I give credit to all the fighters. It doesn't matter if you're in one, look,
Eddie to me is one of the best 55 pounderers to ever walk.
The face of the earth. Agreed, caught him McGregor to me.
I thought he did things in that fight against cabib that no other guy has been
able to do. First off he won round. Yeah. That's something.
No one's ever people say, oh well cabib took the round off. Yeah. Cause he,
maybe he tried to finish him at the end of the second.
But the bottom line is he still won the round. Yes. Okay.
And there's not only that,
but there was a lot of times and opportunities where cabib had a hard time
getting the take down.
We didn't see that against guys with wrestling backgrounds like Abel truillo and
those other guys where he waslinging him around winning records basically for
the most takedowns in one fight. Yes.
There's tons of things that Connor does that people over it can underestimate
because he's such a knockout artist and he's so good.
And his stance and his style and things that he brought this to the next level.
And I, I, you cannot discredit what he's done in the sport.
What I learned from that is that from somebody who can take 15 months off and
come back and perform the way that he did against someone like Donald ceroney is
absolutely amazing. That's what I, that's why.
You need guys like you,
mm-hmm<affirmative> doing post-fi commentary and discussing these and not people
who don't understand the sport and practice Dick punches. Well, I <laugh> want.
Maybe thing. It's basically maybe sitting babies really punch of babies.
I want to ask you this though.
Cuz it was funny cuz I could see your face in the middle of it all.
How awkward is that for you to stand between the two, two of them and go,
what are you guys talking about? Yeah. Like, I mean I would, I would've.
Preferred to talk to DC Orfeld or you aware anybody who
understands the sport? I don't think it's the right way to do it. Uh,
the one gentleman to my right Michael Jamie, what is his last name?
He was great. And Steven Smith was very nice to me too.
And he said he's gonna get into podcasts.
I have no problem with him as a human being. No, I just think, uh, look,
I don't know. Jack's about baseball. I don't know Jack's about basketball.
I literally don't even know the rules. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't know what,
when people foul people, I'm not sure why. I don't know what what's happening.
Yeah. I know MMA. I understand it. So if you want to talk about MMA,
I'd like to talk to MMA about someone else who knows ma yeah.
The, like you were saying though, I,
I was listen to one of your podcast the other day with Mike Baker.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> okay. And he said like, look,
I don't agree with Bernie Sanders policies. Okay. But he,
Bernie Sanders probably is a really nice guy. Yes.
But it doesn't mean that I have to like what he does in front of the camera.
Okay. For, for him to call him a, I don't have to like that.
I can still like him as a person. Yes.
That's what we need to make sure that we differentiate between the two things.
Like, look, he probably is a really good guy and I actually have met him.
I met him at the Floyd manwether in con fight and said, hi. He said, Hey, hi,
how's it going? Like can, what do you think? And that was the conversation.
It was real quick, real brief, maybe two minutes.
But he seemed like a nice person at that time. But when,
when I was listening to him talk and calling,
simononi basically a quitter to me. I just lost,
I lost respect in the avenue that you're not supposed to be working in our
sport. Yes. Okay. And you need to make some sort of adjustment,
whether it's Dick punching or something else that you need to figure it out.
You need to like, I understand. I get that.
It's a good idea for all people that have never covered the,
a sport to try to get into it. Okay. Um,
maybe hold off on the videos like that for a while. <laugh> before you some,
before you both do. Yeah. But I, I like that. He's trying.
And I'm gonna give him credit for that. And I think like with Gus,
there was a lot of rumblings about Gus Johnson, the very beginning,
but we gave him a run for a while. Yes. And I really like Gus.
He's a great person. Always been great.
Every time I've talked to him and met with them and,
and worked with him side by side as well, calling fights at,
with Strikeforce create person. But his forte is basketball and for him,
whatever his forte is, Steven A. Smith. Yes. He's got,
I think he may have to stick with that. And I think, I agree.
They have to bring DC back in to work with you alongside. Yes. Well.
DC is phenomenal. Yeah. DC's phenomenal.
And DC and me having that conversation with would've been a completely different
conversation and it would've been,
it would've been better for the sport because look, there's no,
there's no positive in downplaying the career of Donald Sarone or what he can do
as a fighter. What that showed to me was how phenomenal Connor performed. Yeah.
That's what it showed me. And if, if either you or I was talking about cricket,
we were on, on TV doing commentary and cricket.
We would look at a place we'd look F it would be up.
And real cricket fans would be upset at us. <laugh> right now that's nothing.
That's just a sport, right? Yeah. This is,
you are naked in the most literal sense of the word you're you're naked
physically. You're naked. Emotionally when fighters lose, it's a,
it's devastating for Connor to smash cowboy like that in front of his
wife, his kid. Mm. His grandma.
And then the whole world like that is that's you gotta have some respect for
that, man. Mm-hmm <affirmative> you know,
and this sport demands a different perspective.
It's it's not the same thing as a ball going into hoop. No,
it's not the same thing. As crossing a line with a foot ball it's different.
It's very intense and very personal. And it's also very dangerous.
And to, to play it off, like it's just a game. I, I just, I don't agree with it.
And I just think that we have plenty of people out there that understand the
sport. There's plenty of them. Yep.
There's but the thing about him is he's really popular. And Jamie,
when you're saying he just got a giant deal or something like that, big. Yeah.
He's the top.
Paid con. I had his contract up.
He's got like an extension to get like 8 million a year now or something.
Like that. Yeah. And that's because he's, so his personality is so fun. It's,
he's a fun guy to watch and people love talking.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> they love two people arguing about.
And one person's better at arguing and,
and Vene Smith is really good at that stuff,
but it's not the place for MMA. It's just not the place. It's not,
it's not the same thing. It's, it's.
Not because, um, because the guys themselves can fight. Yeah. You know,
when you see what happened last night, what Kansas and Kansas state or whatever.
And they started throwing punches and it was like,
it looked like a bunch of girls throwing windmills.
<laugh> you know what I mean? Yes. Like that's really,
the reality of is like now if he wants to go out there and talk about it,
go ahead and talk about it. He can say all the things he wants.
Cuz these are college kids that can't fight. Obviously we just saw. Right.
You know, but we're talking about professional athletes.
They've their life has been around this craft. Yes.
And now you're gonna say things like that. It's very disrespectful.
It's just so common with sports to talk about a guy who can't show up on game
day to talk about a guy who keeps dropping the ball,
talk about a guy fi and you on those guys.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but it's just a different thing with fighting.
And it's also with fighting. Like you, you,
you have to know it or no, one's gonna respect you.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> if don't know what you're talking about and you're talking
about it in front of millions of people, like, man,
that's a bad look for everybody. Yep. It's a bad look for ESPN.
It's a bad look for him. It's a bad look for the sport. It's like,
there's other people that can do this. Yeah. We, we.
Caught a lot of flack for Gus for a while. The Strikeforce did like, uh,
and then I think it trickled on up to the CBS and that whole, whole whole deal.
But then the.
Ideas, mayhem, brawl. Yes. Or these things happen in MMA. Yeah. Yeah. That's.
Definitely not the words you want to use in that situation.
You know what I mean? But it does, honestly, like you just said,
it really does reflect badly, not just on, on ESPN itself, but the UFC as well,
because they're, they're in business together. Yes.
And it kind of looks bad for both like, Hey you guys,
we need to monitor who's behind that microphone. We're representing our talent.
And our talent is what makes us the money.
But what's funny is with Steven A. Smith,
he's his personality and his brand is based on that kind of talking.
So this is all good for him. This is all good for him.
Like the more people talk about him, better. It is for him.
And then he just ramps it up even more and more people are paying attention.
The ratings go up and to.
Until he sees cowboy in an elevator, <laugh> go ride a ed, buddy.
You who's quitting now. Yeah. You know,
those are the things that I gotta tell you. You just, no, no. Think about this.
If he said something like that,
about a NA Nick Diaz and they saw him in a elevator, they would him up.
They would him up legitimately. Like you would just gotta be like,
those are scenario. You just gotta be careful right now.
Cowboy's never gonna do that. Hey man. Kind of just watch what you say,
come on man. Like that, you know my family's there, my grandmother's there.
You know, my kids's there. Right? Like, you know, let's,
let's dial it back a little bit. That's Cowboys a, he's just an amazing person,
you know overall. Yeah. I, so when you're talking, yeah.
When you're talking about athletes and finder like Nate Daz, though,
he is saying to you. He's just.
Gonna sock you. Look, everybody knows what happened.
What happened is Connor had a spectacular performance.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> cowboy got caught off guard and he got finished quick.
That's what happened. Yep. All the other stuff is unnecessary.
Themo the emotional devastation of a 42nd K like that mm-hmm <affirmative> is
we have as a, with a, as a respectful human being,
you gotta leave all that other stuff alone, all that talking.
If you wanna say it in the gym to one of your homies mm-hmm <affirmative> and
you're just hanging out and maybe one of them doesn't like cowboy and you know,
and someone talks trash and that's private and no one hears it. That's fine.
And good. Mm-hmm <affirmative> but when you wanna do that publicly,
you wanna broadcast that and then also do it on ESPN. I think it's just,
it's just shortsighted. And I think it's foolish. Yeah. I'm.
Gonna go a little bit more hard on the paint on guys like DC who are on my post
right there. The one the videos defending him right now. That's defending him.
He's defending. Well, Hey man, he's trying to learn this board. He's trying,
I say de quit trying to tow the company line son.
That's what you're doing right now. And then,
and then I got Kendall Grove that goes on there too saying, oh, you know what?
I can respect the fact that he's trying to learn it. Look at this is what.
He says. I think that's fine. He's trying to better understand our sport.
It means he's a massive star who could talk from his perch and no one can touch
him yet. He chooses to try and learn the game.
So there's some weight to his opinion. You're a little off base champ. Oh,
DC's a wonderful person. Oh.
He's just STR it. I said, I told him, I said, look, just because Steven A.
Smith might be good for business in the ESPN business for you later on.
I said that doesn't mean you gotta tow that line, buddy. Yeah.
I'd like to give him a hard time, but DC's one of my best friends, man.
And he's absolutely whole ilarious and just fun.
He likes to do this to stir the pot because like you were just saying with
Steven Aang he likes to do this type of stuff. Yes. So keep people keep talking.
Yes. DC likes to chime in on like this. So what, like,
so we're here right now talking about DC in this whole situation.
That's exactly what DC does. He's brilliant when it comes to this type of stuff.
Yeah. And I I'm sure he really does love Steven as a person. Yeah. Steven, as a,
he's a nice guy. Like I said, I've met him a couple times. He's a nice guy.
But just to like, there's a,
there's a style of broadcasting that sports radio and sports broadcasting that
they do this kind of stuff. Yeah. But it, when itbleaks over into fighting,
fighting is just not a sport.
Like you can call it a sport and it's kind of a sport, but it's it's sport.
And it's I a sense of expression where it's,
you are literally using your body to try to stop another man's body. Yeah.
And it as intense as it gets. And I think it deserves more respect.
That's just my opinion. That's how I've always treated it.
That's how I've always, when I, when I talk about fighters or my,
my concentration has always been to elevate my concentration,
never been to demean someone, unless there's something that they did,
that's illegal. And there's some sort of,
sort of blatant foul that should be stopped or something that's really dangerous
that they're doing. That should be chastied. But the, the sport is, it's just,
it's, it's a higher level of,
of consequence and risk and every, and it needs to be respected that way.
I feel. Um, so I got a, I listened to your show quite a bit.
And I like a lot of what you had talked about before,
when you first got into comedy about talking about, um,
how some of the other comics was like kind of on other young comics kind of up
and coming. And when you came in, it was like a different,
you try to just ingraining people like, Hey, I want to build you all,
all of you guys up that are with me, I'm the same set we're do on the show.
And we're all on the same night. Let's all just make each other look good.
I feel like, especially in fighting, whether it's boxing, MMA,
anything along those lines,
we gotta be elevating each other to make each other better. Yes. Like, Hey,
this guy is good. This guy is good without talking.
Cuz we like yourself specifically as well as like even, uh,
myself and other guys that have shows and podcasts and start talking we're on a
PLA on a different level of platform that can really kind of either make or
break some people's careers. Yes. It also with also the sport is confidence.
Okay. MMA is uh, a confident level in some you do wrestling.
It's a one-on-one combative sport into wrestling. MMA. Confidence is key.
If my confidence is low,
then that means that I'm not probably not gonna perform my best. And the,
when you take a loss, it goes lower and lower.
When you gotta hear it from people that don't know the business like this right
here. It's just another thing added on. And for other MMA guys to,
other MMA guys, all that does is tear them down even more.
And you could potentially, I'm not saying ruin their career, but you're,
you're not helping them get to their goals and their levels.
It's better if everyone shines and we all handle ourselves with class and
respect.
<Silence>.